I'm Galen's Meredith chef at Moss farm
house i'm here at the union square
greenmarket we're buying local and
buying fresh straight from the farmer is
what we do in Manhattan and we're going
to walk around today and we're going to
see what's best and what's in season and
we're going to make our menu for the
dinner tonight
building a relationship with farmers is
the big key we want to know who's
growing what and how they're growing
things should already have an idea of
who has what but I just like to walk
around sometimes you're surprised maybe
you see something that's new or a new
farmer and you can kind of get an idea
for the menu
a lot of these vegetables that are here
will pick either this morning or
yesterday leg last night and they're
going to be prepared in the restaurant
and on the diners plates tonight and
tomorrow that's absolutely ass precious
food can get so this is flying pigs farm
and this is where I buy my pigs from and
one of the great things about some of
the farmers they'll deliver to the
restaurants obviously a pig is a little
bit too big to be hauling around in a
taxicab so they have ham hocks your
meats fresh meat and eggs this is some
of the best pig that you can find
anywhere so part of the advantage of
buying locally straight from the farmers
here is that we're keeping the money in
the community and the money from the
restaurants going straight to the
farmers hands there isn't a lot of
middlemen and not a lot of big
businesses or getting all the cuts from
it
let's call it how we got water that's
beautiful this is some nice dried garlic
and over here you had some fresh garlic
coming right out of the clove like that
might be a nice heirloom variety or an
old variety and the quality is going to
be really good these are called Jackie
little pumpkins and mostly I want a nice
uniform size going to roast them whole
they're basically just like a pumpkin
but very very small used by the founder
by the piece better be counted
we're not just buying fruits and
vegetables at the farmers market Flowers
is a good example we buy all of our
flowers here at the farmers market and
this garden is one of our favorites you
can see that they have a huge selection
of seasonal things all growing locally
and it gives the restaurant that great
farmhouse appeal
okay I got what I needed from the
farmers market let's head back to the
kitchen and get started on okay we're
going to cut the top of this pumpkin off
and we're going to scoop out all the
seeds with a spoon just like that and
will season it up with salt and pepper
fresh cinnamon stick and nutmeg this
brown sugar and then I'm going to get
some melted butter and pour that over
put the top back on and i put a little
butter on the outside too because we're
actually going to serve this with the
skin on it and we want the skin to get
nice and tender and that's it we're
going to pop this in the oven about 375
degrees and roast it for about an hour
to it's totally tender
so the name of the restaurant is moss
farmhouse the design of the restaurant
is meant to look like a small cottage in
the country we have a lot of stone walls
of our bill to use a lot of reclaimed
wood that we got from Barnes to give it
that really homey feel the food is
french-inspired new American cuisine the
menu does change daily here and it
basically means that as the foots come
in and out of season we're going to use
what's best and we're going to change
the menu up accordingly so this is the
roasted jacket little pumpkin that we
did we made a butternut squash risotto
that is filled with and these are
grilled wild porcini mushrooms and I
finish it with a little drizzle of the
pumpkin seed oil
also on the menu right now we have a
terrine of roasted organic beets and
goat cheese with spiced pecans and lemon
vinaigrette as well we have a tomato
confit stuff with pine nuts and basil
with a black truffle vinegar we're
mindful where we get our stuff from how
its produce and take our time preparing
it and hopefully the diner is going to
take the time in joining
you